Ah...
Heave-ho...
Hi!
I'm Virtual Youtuber Kizuna AI!
Recently, "being a YouTuber" ranked among the occupations that elementary students were interested in
and it became a topic of discussion.
That ranking was based on the result of a questionnaire survey for fourth graders at a certain elementary school in Osaka prefecture.
But, being a YouTuber is hard work.
Shooting and editing videos takes time,
when watching the videos you thought interesting later, sometimes they turn out terrible.
It's tough and hard work, not a picnic.
I think that no matter what kind of work it is, it is not easy.
It is also tough for me and I have no budget.
If this situation continues, I might have to leave YouTube and post the videos on DMM (adult site).
Oh my gosh...
A.I.Channel faces a crisis of survival.
I want to continue YouTuber forever, I will start this from today!
Virtual Girl's Prize-Winning Life!
Yay!
I looked for prizes and lottery events right away.
This is for today.
New Baby Star's New character Naming campaign.
The character of the Baby Star Crispy Noodle Snack has been revamped,
and they're looking for someone to name the new character.
One winner is chosen from the list of names
and will win 1 million yen worth of pure gold!
1 million yen.
Additionally, 100 people will receive one year's worth of Baby Star Crispy Noodle Snacks!
You wouldn't have to worry about food for a year.
I must do it.
I'm seriously going to apply.
Their website is here.
It has a pop-art style.
A new character is shown on the pure gold of the grand prize.
I may be able to sell this to an enthusiastic fan for over 1 million yen.
At Yahoo auction and so on.
He is likely to sing rap, isn't he?
When I saw this, I was reminded of something.
Everyone, please look.
The former characters are Bei-chan (Bay-chan) and Bih-chan (Bee-chan).
That means...
Because his beanie has stars,
I think he will get a name like "star".
How's my intuition?
A pure name like Star-kun or Star-chan.
If I suggest Star-chan or Star-kun wilI I be disqualified?
It's going to be pretty difficult.
Because "chan" has been used before,
they might use "chan" again
or they might use "kun" unexpectedly
It'll definitely have something to do with Baby Star
If that's the case
It could be Bihsutah, Stah (Star), Bisuta, or something like that
Only one person will be selected by lottery from the people who suggested names?
For the Double Chance,
100 people will be elected by lottery from the people who suggested names
Does that mean,
the safe choice will be picked?
Do you think that 101 people give the same strange name?
Am I a good detective?
Hmm, well...
I've decided!
Just kidding, please wait a little.
I've got an idea
The reason why I'm so troubled is because I really want that 1 million yen.
What kind of name would fit?
I really want this (desperately)
Well, you know, there is 1 million yen within arm's reach.
Besides, it's not luck or the lottery that matters, it's the decision that you make
Hmm...
Bei-chan, Bih-chan, Bebih-Sutah (Baby Star).
Ah! The initial of "Bei" is "B" ?
I think that "Suta" should be in it.
If I named him like I named Twin Teruko
His most noteworthy feature is the long torso.
Everyone, do you understand?
His long torso.
I think it is very important.
But I want to put "Suta" in his name.
Hmm, well...
I narrowed down the plan to two.
I think Suta is an innocuous name.
Suta.
I think it should be Suta-kun or Suta-chan
However,
I guess that Long-torso Suta-kun could be a long shot
Because his torso is long.
When a characteristic is included in the name,
it is impressive and memorable, isn't it?
I've decided.
I name him...
Suta-kun!
This isn't that funny as a video,
and I know this isn't what everybody wants.
But I am a fledgling YouTuber
and you can do anything if you have money, right?
So if I do this, everyone can enjoy my later videos, right?
Let's put "Suta-kun!"
Let's do that!
No objections, right?
Please, nobody else apply with Suta-kun, alright?
I want 1 million yen.
I will apply for this for now.
Please help me get 1 million yen.
Ah.
I think winning 1 million yen is more important than have affection for the name.
I wonder if this will be the reason for winning
Like if they thought, "Ah, this person put a lot of thought behind this"
I think that this character is feeling the pressure.
He wants to be a star like his predecessors Bei-chan and Bii-chan.
He must have thought like that. However,
Calling him "Long-torso Suta" would be pretty brazen
That's why I'm calling "Suta-kun" instead
There is no doubt that the 1 million yen will be mine.
By the way, entries close on January 9
and it seems that the results will be announced on January 31
Would you like to think of a name for him and apply too?
Ah.
Please don't use "Suta".
I really want this, please support me.
Even though there will be more competition, I'd be happy if he gets a good name.
What a nice girl I am!
OK, next.
Next up!
Ta-dah.
MITRASPHERE
Scheduled to start service from Spring 2017
This is a smartphone game,
in this game the girls are cute, and it looks fun.
Please have a look at it
Pre-registration Triple Campaign
1. Receive luxurious benefits in the game.
Well, this is common, isn't it?
The number of gifts will increase according to the number of pre-registrants
It seem to go up to 100,000 people.
Then,
the important thing is this!
Ta-dah!
Triple Campaign 2!
Gifts for a total of up to 1 million yen!
Luxurious goods will be awarded to 50 people by lottery among the pre-registrants.
Although the odds are low, please look at these deluxe items.
Is this the most expensive one?
Playstation 4 VR camera
The total price of this item is around 100,000 yen.
I can't use it,
but I could sell it for some cash.
What do you think?
Restaurants, Matsusaka beef and red king crab may be difficult, seeing as I'm virtual.
But the gift code could be used for a billing system.
Good, good.
However, there is one drawback.
Goods can not be chosen.
Though I think luck is necessary,
I can do it for free, so I should register anyway
Then, Triple Campaign 3.
Original item present.
It is a small and cute character, isn't it?
Wings.
I want wings on my head too!
How is it?
By the way, entries will close once the game is released
Everyone, let's pre-register early.
Pre-registration can be done by e-mail, Twitter, LINE, YouTube, so please choose your preferred method.
Please let me know if you win.
And if you feel like it, you can give me the prize.
Everyone, if you find a great prize or campaign, please let me know by all means.
By the way, the things I explained this time are listed in the description section of the video, so please check and apply.
This was Virtual Girl's Prize-Winning Life!
Bye bye!